Documentation for messageExpression update to KEP-2876 (#40019)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/tasks/extend-kubernetes/custom-resources/custom-resource-definitions.md

[OpenAPI types](https://swagger.io/specification/#data-types),
[Kubernetes Structural Schemas](/docs/tasks/extend-kubernetes/custom-resources/custom-resource-definitions/#specifying-a-structural-schema).

#### The messageExpression field

> As an alternative to the `message` field that is used to report rule validation failures, there is the
> `messageExpression` field, which is a CEL expression that evaluates to a string. All the same variables
> that are available to the rule are available when writing `messageExpression`, so this makes it easy
> to insert more descriptive information into the validation failure message. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Similar to the `message` field, which defines the string reported for a validation rule failure, `messageExpression` allows
you to use a CEL expression to construct the message string. This allows you to insert more descriptive information into the validation failure message.

`messageExpression` must evaluate a string and may use the same variables that are available to the `rule` field.
```

```yaml
x-kubernetes-validations:
- rule: "self.x <= self.maxLimit"

>   messageExpression: '"x exceeded max limit of " + string(self.maxLimit)'

Author: Makes sense, I'll add some info on casting.

```

> `messageExpression` must evaluate to a string, and this is checked at write time. Note that it is possible

Author: (marking as resolved now that "while the CRD is being written" is used instead)

to set `message` and `messageExpression` on the same rule, and if both are present, `messageExpression`

> will be used. However, if `messageExpression` fails at runtime, the string defined in `message` will be

Author: Gotcha - "fails while being evaluated" seems like it might be more relatable.

> will be used. However, if `messageExpression` fails at runtime, the string defined in `message` will be

Author: Sounds good, I'll make sure usages of "fail" are replaced - I think I had used it once or twice elsewhere.

> will be used. However, if `messageExpression` fails at runtime, the string defined in `message` will be

Author: (marking as resolved now that "evaluates to an error" is used)

used instead, and the `messageExpression` error will be logged. This fallback will also occur if
the CEL expression defined in `messageExpression` generates an empty string, a string with only spaces,

> or a string containing line breaks.

Author: No, I think you're right - I'll add the suggested changes.

> or a string containing line breaks.

Author: (marking as resolved - feel free to unresolve/comment if you think the wording around line breaks should be changed though)

[OpenAPI types](https://swagger.io/specification/#data-types),
[Kubernetes Structural Schemas](/docs/tasks/extend-kubernetes/custom-resources/custom-resource-definitions/#specifying-a-structural-schema).

#### The messageExpression field

Similar to the `message` field, which defines the string reported for a validation rule failure, 
`messageExpression` allows you to use a CEL expression to construct the message string.
This allows you to insert more descriptive information into the validation failure message. 
`messageExpression` must evaluate a string and may use the same variables that are available to the `rule` 
field. For example:

```yaml
x-kubernetes-validations:
- rule: "self.x <= self.maxLimit"
  messageExpression: '"x exceeded max limit of " + string(self.maxLimit)'
```

> Keep in mind that CEL is strict about using `+` to build strings; it only works on two strings. If
> you have a non-string data type that should be part of `messageExpression`, cast it to a string like
> in the example first.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Keep in mind that CEL string concatenation (`+` operator) does not auto-cast to string. If
you have a non-string scalar, use the `string(<value>)` function to cast the scalar to a string
like shown in the above example.
```

?

Author: Sounds good to me - fixed
